So thus far we set up a lot about this effect and it's already taking shape here.
You can kind of compare it with producers I guess we have all type here to check if a certain action
occurred and now we change more observable operators to do something.
The big difference to reducers is that we don't change our application state anywhere in this process.
We just do something else while we handle side effects in the end.
We do something which depends on actions being dispatched but which doesn't change our store.
So now we know that we want to react to the try to sign up action.
Now we can do something with that information.
First of all I only need the payload of this action so we can call map here to extract this.
I know that I get the overall action as an argument here.
And are x past the stairs into all the arbor of operators the chain after of type.
So this is the actual action which occurred and therefore I can in the end just use that.
I know that this will be of type of actions.
Try sign up and this helps to have a payload.
I only am interested in the payload so I can return action payload here and do two denature off the
map operator.
This will be wrapped into a new observable so I can change more observable operators after map.
The next thing I want to do here is I want to use firebase to try and sign the user up for this I'll
use switch map and I need to unlock both map and switch map here.
So our ex-chief as an operator map and then do the same for switch map.
Now switch map will get whatever I return here in map so it will in the end get D.S. payload.
So it will simply get my off date which is of type Object which has an user name which is a string and
a password which is a string.
So just to clear up some confusion this is just the type definition here.
The marked area.
This is the type of data object will have.
And I can use this in my switch map in here.
We need to return a new observable in the end because the effect decorator expects to get an observable
and right now we're not returning one.
We'll change this soon though.
So switch map gets our off data.
The next step is to use firebase.
So import everything as firebase from firebase here.
And I also want to stick to the world of observables.
So I want to turn the firebase promise into an observable.
Thankfully the R X TS library provides a convenient method which allows me to do just that.
It's called From promise and it basically converts a promise into an observable.
I do imported from our access slash observable slash from Promise.
It allows me to simply return from Promise your boobs from promise.
And now here I will simply execute firebase of create user with email and password and pass off data
username which is Steimle and the end of data password and this will again automatically turn this into
an observable.
So we return and observable here in the end.
Now I know that as soon as this returns without an error I want to set the user to sign up and a one
to get the token so I can simply chain a number switch map after this this will be called whenever it
does promise year basically returns us a value.
I'm not interested in that value though.
But what I am interested in is I want to dispatch an action here.
I also want to fetch the token there after we can actually combine both.
But returning again from Promise.
Now this time firebase off current user gets token ID token in the latest version of firebase which
will again yield me a promise turned into an observable.
Now I add.
So which map one more time.
This time I do care about the value it will be the token string.
And now I can return a special object which will be handled by the NGI are x effects package.
If I return a javascript object here and therefore I should use map here so that it gets converted into
an observable automatically.
I can set certain information on that object.
I need to type here the type of action I want to dispatch.
In the end and also so what I will do is pull absorbable into one.
I just need to import this year so
and with that here I can now return an array of javascript objects which will all be merged together
or actually be sent back as observables which will be handled by ngi or X effects.
So let me show you how to do it.
Before I dive deeper into this in this object I want to set a type which ISDE event or action I want
to midsole from of which I need to import.
So from the auth actions here I want to emit the off or just sign up event here of course which has
no payload.
But I'll add a second object which is the of actions.
Set token event where a well-specified payload property to and both property names are reserved type
and payload.
You have to use dece because this will be handled by it and you are x effects in the end so the payload
here in the end is my token.
So just the token string.
This is what this actually expects.
So what I'm doing here is returning an array in merge map which will behind the scenes merges into observables
and add energy or its effects will handle this due to this effect.
Decorator on off sign up.
This will register this property or the value here on the right in the entry or X effects package you
could say in that module.
Basically listen for any actions we have in our code.
Well then check the action type and if it is of the type we specify here and will continue then here
we have a couple of transformations steps where we reach out to firebase and create a user then reach
out and get the token and then in the end once we did all these things successfully return a new absorbable.
In this case with Mirch map because I want to return to observables actually.
Or put two effects.
I want to dispatch as a result of this chain into one observable to be precise.
So here I emit or dispatch in the end an action sign up and that action set token.
And that's an important thing about effects.
At the end of your effects chain you'd typically dispatch a new effect.
If you don't do this you can add configuration to the effect decorator and set dispatch to false.
But then you also must not emit any action here.
Use this if you have a side effect which doesn't yield a new action in the end which does lead to a
state change in the end.
If you do have an action as we do here where we do want to change our application store in the end used
the normal effect decorator and return one action with the normal map operator for example or multiple
actions with Merge map.
In the end.
So these are the side effects.
Let's see if that works.
We already changed it.
And the sign up component.
So signing up should now only work through and you x.
So let's try this here or enter some credentials.
And this seems to work.
The top bar here changed.
We can also check out the values on the back and here if I click on authentication we see that new user.
So this was created successfully.
Now with that let's add more side effects for signing in for example.